1 – “Nós lutamos. É assim que vencemos. E é assim que morremos.” – Ragnar

2 – “Sinto-me preso, em toda essa felicidade.” – Floki

3 -“Não tema a morte. Se ela vier, aceite-a como estivesse se deitando com uma linda mulher.” – Ragnar

4 – “Seria a viajem mais emocionante de nossas vidas. 
Ir para o Oeste! Sonhei com isso tantas vezes, e, nos meus sonhos, sempre estamos juntos.” – Lagertha para Ragnar

5 – “Perdoe-me, meu amigo, não pelo o que eu fiz. Mas pelo que estou prestes a fazer.” – Ragnar

6 – “Eu vejo que uma águia paira sobre você. Mas eu também vejo que você é a águia. 
A águia é seu destino, Jarl Borg.” – Oráculo

7 – “Eu sempre acreditei que a morte é um destino melhor do que a vida, por estarmos reunidos com os entes perdidos.
 Mas nunca mais nos encontraremos, meu amigo.” – Ragnar

8 – “- Não quero te matar mulher. – Guerreiro
– Não conseguiria me matar nem se tentasse por 100 anos.” – Lagertha

9 – “- Quantos de nós devem morrer pelos seus cristãos? – Floki
– Todos estamos fadados a morrer algum dia, não é? E enquanto isso, Floki, fique calado.” – Ragnar

10 – “-Em cima da quilha de cabeça pra baixo, escale, com o teu coração de aço; 
Gélido é o respingo marinho, a sua morte está a caminho; Com donzelas, voce teve prazer... – Rollo
– Mas a todos chegará o dia de morrer!” – Lagertha

11 – “Quem precisa de um motivo para traição? É preciso sempre pensar o pior, Ragnar, mesmo da sua própria família. 
Dessa forma você evita muita decepção na vida.” – Floki

12 – “Poder é sempre perigoso. Atrai o pior e corrompe o melhor. Nunca pedi por poder. 
Poder só é dado para aqueles que estão dispostos a abrir mão de si por ele.” – Ragnar


Ragnar: Look how he glares at me... If he wasn't fathered by the black ram in the full of the moon my name is not Ragnar.

Kitala: [about Eric] You'll not kill him, but you throw him into the slop pool to be drowned and eaten by crabs.
Ragnar: Then let the crabs be cursed by Odin. That's my decision.

Ragnar: [introducing Lord Egbert to his son] This is Einar, my only son in wedlock. He's so vain of his beauty, he won't let a man's beard hide it. He scrapes his face like an Englishman.

Ragnar: [to Einar] You see, the English are civilized.

Ragnar: [about Einar] What man ever had a finer son? Odin could have sired him, but I did!

Einar: She said she would kill herself if I touched her.
Ragnar: Ah they all say that. What they mean is they'll kill themselves if you don't.

"Vikings: Dispossessed (#1.3)" (2013)
Ragnar Lothbrok: My lord, it was easy to take all of these things. The priests in their temple, they had no weapons. They were like babies.

Ragnar Lothbrok: This is a priest from the temple to prove it. Priest! This is my family. His name is Athelstan. Although he's a foreigner, he speaks our language, don't you?
Athelstan: A little, yes.
Bjorn: What is wrong with your head?
Athelstan: When we become monks, they cut our hair. It marks us out.
Gyda: If you're a priest, which God do you like best?
Athelstan: There is only one God.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Here, you can touch him.
Bjorn: Are we keeping him?
Gyda: Hello.
Ragnar Lothbrok: [to Lagertha] I've missed your smell and your body.
Gyda: Why do you wear this?
Athelstan: All monks do.
Bjorn: Look at his feet.

Lagertha: Athelstan.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Athelstan, we want to ask you something.
Lagertha: Come and join us, priest.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Come on. Don't you want to? You'll enjoy it.
Athelstan: I am a monk. I have taken vows of celibacy. I cannot touch a woman. I never have.
Lagertha: Wouldn't you like to?
Athelstan: It would be a sin.
Lagertha: Who would know?
Athelstan: God would know.
Lagertha: What if he looked the other way?
Athelstan: [shakes his head]
Ragnar Lothbrok: Go to sleep then with your God.

Athelstan: [doesn't want to drink anymore but still smiles] Aghhh! Oh! No more.
Ragnar Lothbrok: We don't like those in our house to go hungry or thirsty.
[gives him something to drink anyways]
Ragnar Lothbrok: I am very curious about England. Does it have one king who rules over the whole country?
Athelstan: There are four kingdoms with four kings. You landed in the kingdom of Northumbria. The king of Northumbria is called Aelle. He is a great king. A powerful king.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Then why did his men not protect your temple?
Athelstan: Before you came, we had no need to protect our monastery. We lived in peace. Everyone respected it as a place of God.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Why does your God need silver and gold, hmm? He must be greedy. Like Loki! We have greedy gods too.
Athelstan: My God is not greedy. His kingdom is not of this world.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Then why is his kingdom so full of treasure?
Athelstan: Christian people give away their riches to the churches and monasteries in order to save their souls.
Ragnar Lothbrok: What are their souls?
Athelstan: [doesn't know how to explain]
Ragnar Lothbrok: I want to learn some of your language. Will you teach me, priest?

"Vikings: Brother's War (#2.1)" (2014)
Ragnar Lothbrok: We should not wash our dirty clothes in front of others.

Bjorn Lothbrok: She brings unhappiness and difficulty.
Ragnar Lothbrok: I know it is hard for you to accept.
Ragnar Lothbrok: But unhappiness is more common than happiness.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Who told you you should be happy?

Ragnar Lothbrok: Gyda, I have come to say goodbye to you properly. I have been thinking about you, about when you were small. You were so lively, you could run as swiftly as the wind. You were like quick-silver. But then, before I knew it, you stopped running here and there and everywhere and you became still.At 12-years-old, you had the stillness and the calm of a fine woman. What children you would have produced! What joy that would have brought to all of us. Dear child, Gyda, you are not gone because you are always in my heart. They say that a man must love his sons more, but a man can be jealous of his sons, and his daughter can always be the light in his life. I know very well that you are with the gods, but I will wait here awhile, and if you want to come and talk to me, then come and talk, and I will gently stroke your long and beautiful hair once again with my peasant hands.

"Vikings: Invasion (#2.2)" (2014)
Jarl Borg: So, when do we set sail?
Ragnar Lothbrok: Forgive me, Jarl Borg. But we have decided not to seek your help.
Jarl Borg: I thought we had an agreement.
Ragnar Lothbrok: It is not my desire to break that agreement.
Ragnar Lothbrok: Believe me I wish it to remain intact.
Ragnar Lothbrok: But on this occasion...
Ragnar Lothbrok: On this occasion?
Ragnar Lothbrok: On this occasion, the silver thread is slit, the golden cup breaks, and the pail is smashed at the spring.

"Vikings: Burial of the Dead (#1.6)" (2013)
Ragnar Lothbrok: Don't be too impatient to put yourself in danger.

"Vikings: Mercenary (#3.1)" (2015)
Ragnar: What do you see?
Bjorn Lothbrok: Power. The power of a king.
Ragnar: Power is always dangerous. It attracts the worst. And corrupts the best. I never asked for power. Power is only given to those who are prepared to lower themselves to pick it up.

"Vikings: Eye for an Eye (#2.4)" (2014)
Ragnar Lothbrok: It is not a curse. It is blessing.
[On his son's eye defect]

